## Alex updates on ensemble_inference.py 

05/23/2025:
- I just finished pushing my most recent version of the code to the main branch of the repo. This should include a version of the ensemble_inference.py script that has an option for using both a 24h model and the composite 6h-24h model. Using the former should be as simple as just replacing the config and run_num with those for the 24h model (0514), while running the composite model requires that you pass the --use_6h_24h_model argument as well as a comma-separated list of the configs and run nums for the 6h and 24h models (e.g., --run_num=0515,0514). The non-model specific run parameters (e.g., number of data loader workers, batch size, duration of ensemble forecast, etc.) will be loaded from the first config file (i.e., the one for the 6h model). The model weights for the 24h model can be found at /glade/work/awikner/PanguWeather-long/v2.0/results/PLASIM/0514/training_checkpoints, and the config is at /glade/work/awikner/PanguWeather-long/v2.0/config/PANGU_PLASIM_H5_DERECHO_0514_longtest.yaml

10/29/2025:
- I just pushed the updated ensemble_inference.py code to the main branch. I think all the existing problems should be fixed. For reference, the code current code distinguishes between "particles" (i.e., different initial conditions) and "ensemble members" (i.e., different predictions from the same particle). Batches are separated by particle, and each batch member predicts an ensemble from its assigned particles. The current code can be initialized from a list of .nc files or using on the initializing times (which will load initial conditions from the .h5 files as during training or validation). For each initial condition, you'll need to specify a directory to save the data and a basename for saving each ensemble output. An example config file I've been using for my tests can be found at /glade/work/awikner/PanguWeather/v2.0/config/PANGU_PLASIM_H5_DERECHO_0515_enstest.yaml

11/17/2025:
- For now, the ensemble_inference.py will only work properly if N_particles is a multiple of batch_size.